vyos_lldp interfaces model (#46)
ansible-network/resource_module_models: models/vyos/vyos_lldp_interfaces/deleted_example_01.txt

# Using deleted
#
# Before state
# -------------
#
# vyos@vyos# run show configuration commands | grep lldp
# set service lldp interface eth2 location elin '0000000911'
#

> - name: Delete lldp  interface ottributes of given interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- name: Delete LLDP attributes of given interfaces (Note: This won't delete other LLDP configuration).
```
